All right firm actor firm firm firm actor firm actor our firm here takes in a single number N and we
want to find out what the number is such that what would be two numbers if we minus a minus B to the
second power we would get.
So we're expecting to return a single dimension array with two values in four and one for the number
15 because 15 is equal to four the second minus one to the second second power.
So that's what we're going to need to return here.
And in terms of Hanse the only thing I have for you is that you use math thought Pau in my solution.
All right.
So the way that I solve this was I created a essentially a nested for loop would do for loops and I
then for the first four loop I took the second power to minus the second power from the second for a
loop and I checked if it ever met the number and if it did we're going to return that I and that J are
those two iteration numbers.
That's pretty much it.
So let's say four equal to zero.
While it is less than an.
Right because that's the max number we're going to.
And in reality is probably end divided by two or something like that.
Although.
Oh we don't need to worry about that.
But I feel like we could probably limit the size of that.
And we're actually set this one because in the cases there there was no you know how do we get to zero
or anything like that we are always anticipating a number that was growing.
So our condition here is while J is less than I.
Meaning that when we're subtracting something we're dealing in positive integers and thus J So should
on here will never be larger than I.
So why that's true.
Go ahead.
Add 1 to J.
And now we just asked to do some basic math on my credit card here.
I just called total and we're going to math thought POW.
The letter I the second are the index minus math thought POW J.
And all we're going to do here is if total is equal equal equal to N. meaning they are the same value.
We want to return an array of I followed by J.
That's pretty much it.
And one way that we can actually clean this up.
I'm not sure if this works quite yet is we could do this.
Star Star 2 and that would work as well.
This is the new shorthand way of doing a math thought that was added.
I want to say an iOS 8 maybe iOS 7 so it looks like that's going to work just fine as well.
So it's veejay.
There we go.
So that's another cool thing that we can do for it.
But that's pretty much it.